carolina there is a pond the visitor can not forget that it is the alfa romeo
That's how I love that it was pointed out that we are very happy to be here
the fifth car show in buenos aires
with important news with the presentation of the ballots
that it was noted that it celebrates the centenary of the brand and that this catramine of the
quadrifoglio version
an engine of 2 135 houses
spectacular
i out there we also have the pomés is appreciated in the air 8 sep
the only unit brought Argentina is a collection car that will be
only five hundred units for everyone, so it's a pride
a pleasure to be able to dine and father to exhibit today at each one rate has fallen
the last great night scene Spain is one of the must-see in the room because
really nobody can forget
so lara who is a car
of perfect lines cc of the auto percent
somehow
all conceptualize the spirit of alpha romeo all the values ​​all the
attributes of the CE mark
in the debut you know yesterday are translated online
in essence the brand the truth that for us is
percent this tabular can stop the can xalant
On Sep 8 there I will see only for a chosen few but
this lan shui eta
that you were born you mentioned that it's not just a sport
and that is a tribute to the saddle the appointment of alfa romeo but it has a lot
of awards at the security level
if the orientals a car that good that
was very successful in europe in europe was launched in the middle of last year the
alfa romeo sales grew impressively with the vignettes by
hundred and in fact that counted count get alfarnate speech are 49 50 for
percent over the first quarter of last year that's because of the sobriety by
cent is a car that won many awards among those ere the look at the
euroncap's maximum score in security that does not touch on farm is
thinking about sportsmanship for a hundred but the handiness of care
to the environment i percent of security
then angels are looking for sports cars but at the same time auto
insurance
and other percent cars knew environmental friends did not
percent in the series taro as t7 previous to quarrel the maximum score
in terms of security
sacco 91% percent l is the result of the tests in both
in active as passive safety
besides the visitor will not only govern 8 is the father of lina his granddaughter but that
a model that
started a new era for Romeo that is mine
if the myth
nowadays the myth it considered to be a very demanding queue and also a month
in the network also surprised
We brought the version of the tornado that we had the electric that at the beginning of
it appeared like maceo played for
for such circumstances came
i saw that vital and his account we have some and lara that we put it in
the room already automatically people chose the returnee so I wanted to
show the crazy calzá and also to plant gay I did a lot the model
imitated what has what we are demonstrating from the myth bea today is the
tcp box in the automatic box a sequential box of double clutch in dry
it was a technology far superior to the automatic percent boxes
conventional and also the multi-ere technology that has already been rewarded with an engine
of the year 2010
ap